this had existed for us all week
that was one of the most
difficult so it represents no
play against a club or madrid a team
with although it is not less level less
name we knew it would be very difficult is
true that the first part has
costed a bit they were alternating
pressure but this one was very difficult
find the space and us to
cost a little but well I think that
Above all, we must highlight the ability
to trace the team that's
incredible this team in first today in
day like this if you're not a big team with
a big budget I will not say impossible
but but almost and we have achieved
which is a very difficult thing but good
we know that there is still a lot
league then we have to enjoy this
week of everything we have
made of everything that has been done up
now but good to keep thinking already in
in the next one because he's very happy already
since last year it was very difficult
to enter being young
I started and ended up playing less and this
year since I came to the ministry
thank the trust that is giving me
I also am still very young Chava
that has only games in full
division and the truth that thank you been
so much to him as to the companions
you are giving me thanks decision
I always try to give my best
true that sometimes comes out better and
sometimes they come out but things but as
always the hobby is the player 12
ah